1. Cryptocurrency

Do you have an idea for how cryptocurrency could be applied in a new way, or spread to new audiences? Come along for a day and build an application that adds value to the financial web. We are all open to unthinkable implementations or novel innovations.

2. Financial Inclusion

Financial inclusion refers to fintech solutions that provide more affordable finance alternatives to disadvantaged and low-income people who, like the unbanked/underbanked, may have little to no access to mainstream financial services. 
An estimated 2 billion working-age adults globally have no access to the types of formal financial services delivered by regulated financial institutions. With fintech, engineer a method to build solutions which reach every last potential consumer in need.
 
3. Banking
 
Banks have changed in their operations and moved towards universal banking along with the increased usage of technology and technology-based services offering alternate channels such as smart cards, ATMs, usage of the internet, mobile and social banking. 
However, there are innumerable challenges that the banking sector faces today, as demand for capital and organized accounting reaches millions of new people every year. Build novel and viable solutions using FinTech that will change the way every bank aspires.
 



4. Stocks
 
There was a time when boisterous traders at the New York Stock Exchange yelled out orders to each other, creating a raucous din. Digital disruption made financial markets more transparent, accessible, inclusive and efficient.
Ever thought of creating the next generation of Financial Markets Applications for Millenials? Join us and change the world of Trading and Investments.

5. Innovation
 
Innovation welcomes participants formulate novel finance sector solutions using emerging technologies. Participants may choose any subject they wish to present their ideas upon, open to a wide variety of online API tools at their disposal. Financial projects involving user interface, experience, market hacks are all welcome. 

 judging criteria for shortlisting:
 
1.Proposal letter: In this letter, the teams will be required to submit a short description describing their ideation of the product they'll be building in the hackathon, based on one of the above-mentioned themes. After registering successfully for the hackathon Visit the link to submit your proposals: https://www.hackerearth.com/sprints/hackrupt-18/
 
LAST DATE FOR IDEA SUBMISSION: Before 1st February 2018
 
2.Github profile: Participants will also be judged on their Github profiles. The quality and relevance of their commits and participation in projects will be judged.
